You want revenge on me?
Just come by yourself
Why did you have to send a dog over?
You count me as coming today?
I'm here to give Mr. Lin a message
Open it and see
Mr. Lin said
Anyone who is attending the wedding reception today
Will disappear from this world
Disappear from this world
What qualifications do you have to seek revenge?
Come on, I, Si Jingchen, am waiting for him here
You seek revenge yourself
Don't contact me
That's right, die yourself
For today's wedding reception
I will naturally call people
Hahaha, you call someone
You can only call the junk collectors
What about our faces?
You were thrown into the sky
As long as I want
All the top characters in the entire Dragon Kingdom
Will come to congratulate me
You are a big talker
You let it out three days ago
Said let's make friends with some big people
This is a person
Why hasn't the waiter arrived yet?
We're on our way.
I'll give you 3 minutes now.
If it still doesn't arrive
regret and conceit